README.md, before:

# visualsnow

This repository hosts code and images for fMRI data collection with Visual Snow patients. 
The MRI protocol involves 1) T1-weighted, 2) T2-weighted, and 3) four EPI resting-state scans. 
The protocol sequence can be found here: [Protocol PDF](https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/mriprotocol.pdf)

The functional resting-state scan displays no other stimulus other than a fixation cross for the whole duration of 8 min. We provide instructions prior to the scan whether to a) open or b) close eyes. The sequence of eyes open and closed are counterbalanced across participants. 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/stimuli/eyes_closed.png" alt="Image 1" width="25%">
  <img src="https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/stimuli/eyes_open.png" alt="Image 2" width="25%">
</p>
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/stimuli/fixation.png" alt="Image 1" width="25%">
  <img src="https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/stimuli/end.png" alt="Image 2" width="25%">
</p>


## Running code
1. git clone this repo
2. navigate to `/code` subfolder
3. run `RUN_visualsnow_v2.m` [ link ](https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/code/RUN_visualsnow_v2.m)
4. The code will prompt user for subject ID and run number.
   * subject ID: insert integer (the code will zero pad for you)
   * run number: 1-8 runs in total. If for some reason, scanner aborted in the middle of run 3, you can start from 3 with this code.
     
## Regenerating counterbalancing scheme
If user needs to generate another counterbalancing scheme for longer or shorter runs, 
1. please navigate to `/code/utils`
2. make edits in `generate_counterbalance.py`
3. run `python generate_counterbalance.py`, which creates a `counterbalance_sequences.tsv`. [ link ](https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/design/counterbalance_sequences.tsv)
4. This sequeqnce file `.tsv` is essential for providing the correct instruction image for each run.

Commit message:

DOC: update README.md
Add video link

README.md, after:

# visualsnow

This repository hosts code and images for fMRI data collection with Visual Snow patients. 
The MRI protocol involves 1) T1-weighted, 2) T2-weighted, and 3) four EPI resting-state scans. 
The protocol sequence can be found here: [Protocol PDF](https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/mriprotocol.pdf)

The functional resting-state scan displays no other stimulus other than a fixation cross for the whole duration of 8 min. We provide instructions prior to the scan whether to a) open or b) close eyes. The sequence of eyes open and closed are counterbalanced across participants. 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/stimuli/eyes_closed.png" alt="Image 1" width="25%">
  <img src="https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/stimuli/eyes_open.png" alt="Image 2" width="25%">
</p>
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/stimuli/fixation.png" alt="Image 1" width="25%">
  <img src="https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/stimuli/end.png" alt="Image 2" width="25%">
</p>


## Running code
1. git clone this repo
2. navigate to `/code` subfolder
3. run `RUN_visualsnow_v2.m` [ link ](https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/code/RUN_visualsnow_v2.m)
4. The code will prompt user for subject ID and run number.
   * subject ID: insert integer (the code will zero pad for you)
   * run number: 1-8 runs in total. If for some reason, scanner aborted in the middle of run 3, you can start from 3 with this code.
     
## Regenerating counterbalancing scheme
If user needs to generate another counterbalancing scheme for longer or shorter runs, 
1. please navigate to `/code/utils`
2. make edits in `generate_counterbalance.py`
3. run `python generate_counterbalance.py`, which creates a `counterbalance_sequences.tsv`. [ link ](https://github.com/jungheejung/visualsnow/blob/main/design/counterbalance_sequences.tsv)
4. This sequeqnce file `.tsv` is essential for providing the correct instruction image for each run.

## Visuals during anatomical scans
The whole visual snow protocol can be relatively boring, since the participant is staring at a fixation for 64 minues. We can afford to present some background visuals during the anatomical scans. Participants can rest and close their eyes, or they can watch the video on screen. 
We use this video provided by the naturalistic imaging lab [https://www.headspacestudios.org/inscapes](https://www.headspacestudios.org/inscapes)
It is a 7-min video, and you can play on repeat during T1 and T2 scans.
