code/diagnosis/README.md, before:

## How to export data from flywheel to local or remote server
1. Generate API key
Flywheel > Profile > Flywheel Access > `+ Generate API Key`
2. Install flywheel CLI
3. `fw login [ API key]` from step 1
4. `fw sync` data
Example: 
```
fw sync --include nifti \
--metadata fw://parvizi/parv2 \
/Users/h/Documents/projects_local/visualsnow_source
```


fw sync --include nifti --metadata fw://parvizi/parv2 /Users/heejungj/Documents/projects_local/visualsnow_source


## Running fmriprep on BIDS validated data
1. install fmriprep-docker
2. get Freesurefer license
```
INPUT_DIRECTORY=/Users/heejungj/Documents/projects_local/visualsnow_source
OUTPUT_DIRECTORY=/Users/heejungj/Documents/projects_local/visualsnow_source/derivatives
LICENSE_DIR=/Users/heejungj/freesurfer_license.txt

  docker run --rm -it \
  --platform linux/amd64 \
  -v ${INPUT_DIRECTORY}:/data:ro \
  -v ${OUTPUT_DIRECTORY}:/out \
  -v ${LICENSE_DIR}:/opt/freesurfer/license.txt:ro \
  nipreps/fmriprep:24.1.1 --verbose \
  --fs-no-reconall --low-mem --mem 8 \
  /data /out participant --participant-label sub-002

```

Commit message:

DOC: update instruction on flywheel data transfer

code/diagnosis/README.md, after:

## How to export data from flywheel to local or remote server
1. download flywheel from flywheel.io
Here's instructions on where to download flywheel: https://docs.flywheel.io/CLI/start/install/
download flywheel
you'll se a `fw` program
We need to move this so that the program is access everytime in the future, not just in your Download's folder
Per Flywhee'ls documentation: https://docs.flywheel.io/CLI/start/install/#mac-and-linux
`sudo mv ./fw /usr/local/bin`

Confirm status via 
fw status

If it doesn't work, for me, it was due to the permission settings. 
Update permission of usr/local/bin folder
`sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/fw`

2. Generate API key
Flywheel > Profile > Flywheel Access > `+ Generate API Key`

3. Login to flywheel on your path
`fw login [ API key]` 

4. Transfer over data`fw sync` data
Example: 
```
fw sync --include nifti \
--metadata fw://parvizi/parv2 \
/Users/h/Documents/projects_local/visualsnow_source
```


fw sync --include nifti --metadata fw://parvizi/parv2/VOL /Users/heejungj/Documents/projects_local/visualsnow_source/volunteer


## Running fmriprep on BIDS validated data
1. install fmriprep-docker
2. get Freesurefer license
```
INPUT_DIRECTORY=/Users/heejungj/Documents/projects_local/visualsnow_source
OUTPUT_DIRECTORY=/Users/heejungj/Documents/projects_local/visualsnow_source/derivatives
LICENSE_DIR=/Users/heejungj/freesurfer_license.txt

  docker run --rm -it \
  --platform linux/amd64 \
  -v ${INPUT_DIRECTORY}:/data:ro \
  -v ${OUTPUT_DIRECTORY}:/out \
  -v ${LICENSE_DIR}:/opt/freesurfer/license.txt:ro \
  nipreps/fmriprep:24.1.1 --verbose \
  --fs-no-reconall --low-mem --mem 8 \
  /data /out participant --participant-label sub-002

```
